docs(configuration): no generic reverse proxies (#7370)
scalar/scalar: documentation/configuration.md

}
```

> If you like to run your own, check out our [example proxy written in Go](https://github.com/scalar/scalar/tree/main/projects/proxy-scalar-com). Please note: you may not use any reverse proxy, but need to use a proxy that adheres to the 'Scalar proxy' API. See the example for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you like to run your own, check out our [example proxy written in Go](https://github.com/scalar/scalar/tree/main/projects/proxy-scalar-com).

Please note: You may not use just any reverse proxy, but need to use a proxy that adheres to the Scalar Proxy API. See the example to learn more.
```

Reviewer: minor tweaks
